Create example_spec.json (#24)
dequelabs/axe-devtools-html-api-examples: CLI/README.md

![logo](./docs/logo-cli.png)

# axe DevTools CLI Example

This example project demonstrates how axe DevTools CLI is used to detect accessibility issues and generates reports in CSV, HTML, JSON, and XML formats.

## Prerequisites

- Install the [Driver](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-install-home#requirements) for the browser you choose to use for the testing.
- You need a valid license to use our CLI. For more information, see [Install from Deque’s Agora](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-install-nodejs) page.

## Clone Project

Follow these steps to clone and navigate to the directory:
1. Clone this repo from GitHub.
2. Open the command window and navigate from the root of the repo to this example with the following command:

```sh
cd CLI
```

> ## Spec File

Reviewer: Should we also document URI mode for the cli?

![logo](./docs/logo-cli.png)

# axe DevTools CLI Example

This example project demonstrates how axe DevTools CLI spec mode is used to detect accessibility issues and generates reports in CSV, HTML, JSON, and XML formats.

## Prerequisites

- Install the [Driver](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-install-home#requirements) for the browser you choose to use for the testing.
- You need a valid license to use our CLI. For more information, see [Install from Deque’s Agora](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-install-nodejs) page.

## Clone Project

Follow these steps to clone and navigate to the directory:
1. Clone this repo from GitHub.
2. Open the command window and navigate from the root of the repo to this example with the following command:

```sh
cd CLI
```

You can use CLI in two modes:
- Spec Mode
- URI Mode

> This example demonstrates spec mode. For URI mode, see our [axe DevTools HTML documentation](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-quickstart-pages)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates spec mode. For more information on URI mode, see our [documentation](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-quickstart-pages)
```

Reviewer 3: > 

We didn't furnish any information on URI mode. So, I directly referred to the Documentation.

Reviewer 2: https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-page-tests -> this is the main page documenting URI mode in CLI.

Reviewer 3: > https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-page-tests

updated cross-reference

![logo](./docs/logo-cli.png)

# axe DevTools CLI Example

> This example project demonstrates how axe DevTools CLI is used to detect accessibility issues and generates reports in CSV, HTML, JSON, and XML formats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example project demonstrates how axe DevTools CLI spec mode is used to detect accessibility issues and generate reports in CSV, HTML, JSON, and XML formats.
```

Reviewer 3: generates > we are referring to example project

## Prerequisites

- Install the [Driver](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-install-home#requirements) for the browser you choose to use for the testing.
- You need a valid license to use our CLI. For more information, see [Install from Deque’s Agora](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-install-nodejs) page.

## Clone Project

Follow these steps to clone and navigate to the directory:
1. Clone this repo from GitHub.
2. Open the command window and navigate from the root of the repo to this example with the following command:

```sh
cd CLI
```

> You can use CLI in two types of methods:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use CLI in two modes:
```

> - Spec File

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Spec Mode
```

- URI Mode

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates spec mode. For more information on URI mode, [check out our [documentation](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-quickstart-pages)
```

## Using Spec File

> The **`example_spec.json`** is a spec file that describes the pages to test. The page list is grouped in projects, which can be used to organize tests. Each page can have a list of actions that describe a workflow. For more information, see [Spec files](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-workflow-specs#spec-files) section of the CLI documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`example_spec.json`** is a spec file that describes the pages to test. The page list is grouped in projects, which can be used to organize tests. Each page can have a list of actions that describe a workflow. For more information, see the [spec files](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-workflow-specs#spec-files) section of the CLI documentation.
```

### Run Tests

The **`example_spec.json`** file analyzes the page `https://broken-workshop.dequelabs.com/` for accessibility issues.

The following command runs the test.

```sh
axe spec example_spec.json ./a11y-results --format html
```

### Test Results

The tests generate results in the **_a11y-results_** directory in HTML. For more information, see [Output directory](https://docs.deque.com/devtools-html/4.0.0/en/cli-workflow-specs#output-directory) section of the CLI documentation.

The **`executive-report.html`** file is an executive summary report aggregating results from all scans into one page. 
 

> ## Using URI Mode

Reviewer 2: This is duplicate documentation and should be removed
